update documentation and changelog (#94)
vercel-community/rust: README.md

The below documentation is for the `vercel_runtime` crate (in beta). If you are looking for the legacy runtime instructions using `vercel_lambda` see [tree/a9495a0](https://github.com/vercel-community/rust/tree/a9495a0f0d882a36ea165f1629fcc79c30bc3108).

## Introduction

This section aims to give you a basic understanding about Vercel runtimes.

### Builder module

The _npm_ module `vercel-rust` is implementing an interface which is primarily taking care of spawning a development server, caching between consecutive builds, and running the compilation. You can read more about the in-depths of implementing a builder [here](https://github.com/vercel/vercel/blob/main/DEVELOPING_A_RUNTIME.md).

> Note that this dependency **does not** have to be installed manually, as it is pulled automatically by the Vercel CLI or the build container during deployments.

Reviewer: IMO, this is leaking implementation details, in a funny kinda way. 

Should we document this under `contributing` instead of the README?

Author: Issue being that people seem to be installing the dependency even though they didn't  need to. We could make the description more generic with less information?

Reviewer: I think if the dependency here isn't mentioned, it should be okay? It's a bit of a red herring for unclear step-by-step instructions to get started anyway I think.

Author: It is mentioned in the `functions` property in `vercel.json`. I think I will move this into `Contributing` and add a simple note in the usage section that it does not have to be installed.

### Runtime crate

The crate `vercel_runtime` is what you will consume in your Rust functions. As the name suggests, the runtime crate takes care of everything that happens during run-time. In specific it takes care of creating a [Tower](https://docs.rs/tower/latest/tower/trait.Service.html) service, which expects a specific handler signature. The flow of an invocation can be visualized as the following:

```mermaid
graph TD
    A["Function Invocation"] --> |"process_request(event: InvocationEvent&lt;VercelEvent&gt;) → Request"| B[Request]
    B --> |"handler_fn(req: Request) → Future&lt;Output = Result&lt;Response&lt;Body&gt;, Error&gt;&gt;"| C["Runtime calls handler_fn"]
    C --> |"Ok(r) => process_response(r)"| D["Response"]

> ```

Reviewer: Maybe consider moving this lower. 
I think the first thing people look for in the README will be a `#Getting Started` section.

Author: Can do 👍🏻

> ## Usage

Reviewer: Should be Getting Started, imo, rather than Usage. 

Needs to **clearly** show what steps need to be taken. Ideally numbered. 

e.g. 

1. Add a `vercel.json` file to your project: 
```
...
```

This turns every file matching `api/**/*.rs` into a Vercel Function. 

2. Create a function. As an example, here is `api/hello.rs`
```rust
...
```

3. Create a `Cargo.toml` (and Cargo.lock??). 
```toml
...
```
Note that each Vercel Function needs to be explicitly stated as a binary, and the `vercel_runtime` crate must be present. 

4. Add a `.vercelignore` to ignore build artefacts. 
```
...
```

Reviewer: 5. You're all set. Run `vercel dev` or `vercel` to build/deploy your thing.

Reviewer: Q: should the create `Cargo.toml` step ask you to do: 
```bash
cargo init
```

Author: > Q: should the create `Cargo.toml` step ask you to do:
> 
> ```shell
> cargo init
> ```

This would either bootstrap a executable or library project + initialize a git repository. I feel like we'd then need to remove more than what we aim to create?

Reviewer: That's true. Then ignore that comment 🤣

# --snip--
```

**Step 4** - Create a `.vercelignore` in the root directory of your project to ignore build artifacts.

```shell
target/
```

> **Step 5** - You're all set. Run `vercel dev` to deploy locally or `vercel` to start deploying your project on Vercel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 5** - You're all set. Run `vercel dev` to develop your project locally. You can connect a Git repository to Vercel, or use `vercel` to start deploying your project on Vercel.
```

name = "handler"
path = "api/handler.rs"

# Note that you need to provide unique names for each binary:
# [[bin]]
# name = "user-id"
# path = "api/user/[id].rs"
#
# [[bin]]
# name = "group-id"
# path = "api/group/[id].rs"

# --snip--
```

Finally make sure to ignore the build artifacts of Rust in your `.vercelignore`.

```shell
target/
```

### Local Development

You can start local development by installing [Vercel CLI](https://vercel.com/docs/cli#installing-vercel-cli) and running `vercel dev`.

Please ensure `rust` and `cargo` are already installed and available in your `PATH`, since they will not be installed automatically. The recommended way to install is with [rustup](https://rustup.rs/).

### Dependencies

The builder module supports installing dependencies defined in the `Cargo.toml` file.

Furthermore, more system dependencies can be installed at build time with the presence of a shell `build.sh` file in the root directory of your project.

## Prebuilt Deployments

When creating a prebuilt deployment, the build output must be for `x86_64 linux`. To do this, create a Cargo build configuration at `.cargo/config.toml` with the following contents:

> ```toml

Reviewer: Put these under an ```# Advanced Use``` heading or something. 
So it's 
```
-- What the package is 
-- Getting Started 
-- Advanced use
   -- Managing dependencies 
   -- Prebuilt deployments 
   -- Function bundling 
   -- etc. 
-- Legacy Runtime
-- Contributing
```
